Update CONTRIBUTING.md file with new changes, link out to the style guide in handbook (#1268)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: CONTRIBUTING.md

  - [3. Make the changes you've discussed](#3-make-the-changes-youve-discussed)
  - [4. Submit a pull request](#4-submit-a-pull-requestgithub-pullrequest)
- [The process of writing chapters](#the-process-of-writing-chapters)
- [Style Guide](#style-guide)
- [Representing _The Turing Way_](#representing-the-turing-way)
- [Recognising Contributions](#recognising-contributions)

## Joining the community

_The Turing Way_ is a community-led and collaboratively developed project.
We therefore require that all our members and their contributions **adhere to our [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) (CoC)**.
Please familiarize yourself with our [CoC](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) that lists the expected behaviours. 
We have also provided details for CoC reporting and enforcement, which can be read in our [Community Handbook](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/coc.html).

## Inclusivity

_The Turing Way_ aims to be inclusive to people from all walks of life and to all research fields.
These intentions must be reflected in the contributions that we make to the project.

> In addition to the CoC, we encourage intentional inclusive actions from contributors to _The Turing Way_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the CoC, we encourage intentional, inclusive actions from contributors to _The Turing Way_.
```

- [Gitter channel](https://gitter.im/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way)
  - This will be a good place to start if you are new to the project, or have any quick question.
  - We'd love for you to swing by to say hello.
- [Slack Channel](https://join.slack.com/t/theturingway/shared_invite/zt-fn608gvb-h_ZSpoA29cCdUwR~TIqpBw)
  - For structured discussion and sustained engagement with the community members. 
  - We will also provide notification on upcoming events and share useful resources on Slack.
- [@turingway](https://twitter.com/turingway) on Twitter
    - Follow us for regular updates
- [Our mailing list](https://tinyletter.com/TuringWay) 
    - Receive monthly project updates in a newsletter
- Contact the Project Lead of _The Turing Way_ project - Kirstie Whitaker - by email at [kwhitaker@turing.ac.uk](mailto:kwhitaker@turing.ac.uk).
- Contact the Community Manager of _The Turing Way_ project - Malvika Sharan - by email at [masharan@turing.ac.uk](mailto:masharan@turing.ac.uk).

## Contributing through GitHub

[Git][git] is a really useful tool for version control. 

> [GitHub][github] sits on top of Git and supports collaborative and distributed working.

Reviewer: What are `git` and `GitHub` linking to exactly? They don't quite look like Markdown heading anchors?

Reviewer: Found the links at the bottom of the page!

- [![Enhancement](https://img.shields.io/badge/-enhancement-84b6eb.svg)][labels-enhancement] _These issues are suggesting new features that can be added to the project._

  If you want to ask for something new, please try to make sure that your request is distinct from any others that are already in the queue (or part of _The Turing Way_).
  If you find one that's similar but there are subtle differences please reference the other enhancement in your issue.

- [![ethics-book](https://img.shields.io/badge/-ethics--book-5e6fbc.svg)][labels-ethics-book] _These issues relate to the content of the ethics book._

- [![events](https://img.shields.io/badge/-events-100570.svg)][labels-events] _These issues relate to coordinating workshops, book dashes and any other events._

> - [![good-first-issue](https://img.shields.io/badge/-good%20first%20issue-1b3487.svg)][labels-firstissue] _These issues are particularly appropriate if it is your first contribution to _The Turing Way_, or to GitHub overall._

Reviewer: I'm confused about this link format too

Reviewer: Found the links at the bottom of the page!

What happens if the continuous integration (CI) fails (for example, if the pull request notifies you that "Some checks were not successful")?
The CI could fail for a number of reasons.
At the bottom of the pull request, where it says whether your build passed or failed, you can click “Details” next to the test, which takes you to the Travis page.

> You can view the log or rerun the checks if you have to write access to the repo by clicking the “Restart build” button in the top right (you must be logged in to Travis CI with your GitHub account see the “Restart build” button).

Author: ```suggestion
If you have the write access to the repo, you can view the log or rerun the checks by clicking the “Restart build” button in the top right.
Please note that you need to be logged in to Travis CI with your GitHub account see the “Restart build” button.
```

## The process of writing chapters

- Fork the repository from [`alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way`](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way) if you have not done so already.
  - On your fork create a branch with the name as the chapter to be written and create a markdown file on it.

> - If you don't want to create a fork (or a local copy), you can also create a branch on the main repository with the same name as the chapter to be written.

Reviewer: Should it be added that this can only be done if you're a contributor on the project (otherwise GitHub automatically makes a fork for you).

Author: That's true. Yes. That should be edited into that.

Author: Added the details.

> - If you don't want to create a fork (or a local copy), you can also create a branch on the main repository with the same name as the chapter to be written.

Author: ```suggestion
- If you are a contributor to the project repository, you can also create a branch on the main repository with the same name as the chapter to be written without creating a fork (or a local copy).
```

## Style Guide

> In _The Turing Way_'s [Community Handbook](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/community-handbook.html), we have developed a [style guide]() for the project.

Author: ```suggestion
In _The Turing Way_'s [Community Handbook](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/community-handbook.html), we have developed a style guide for the project.
```

[_The Turing Way_ style guide](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/style.html) will provide guide and supporting resources for writing chapters will ensure consistency, readability and accessibility for all our users.

You are welcome to contribute to the style guide by opening [a new issue](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/new/choose).

## Representing _The Turing Way_

> We would LOVE people to give talks about the project or represent _The Turing Way_ in other ways! 

Author: ```suggestion
We would LOVE people to give talks about the project or represent _The Turing Way_ in other ways! 
We have created a [promotion pack](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/tree/master/communications/promotion-pack) for you to reuse.
You will find useful details about the project, a list of frequently asked questions, slide decks, and contact details.
```

> If you would like to do that please open an issue and ping @malvikasharan and @KirstieJane so

Author: ```suggestion
If you would like to represent the project in your network, please open an issue and ping @malvikasharan and @KirstieJane so
```

that they can do their best to support you.

> We would appreciate if you could share your slides by adding them to the

Author: ```suggestion
We would appreciate if you could share a short abstract and your prersentation by adding them to the
```

[conferences folder](/conferences) and some info in the [conferences README.md](/conferences/README.md).

## Recognising Contributions

> _The Turing Way_ follows the [all-contributors][all-contributors] specification, so we welcome and recognise all contributions from documentation to testing to writing chapters.

Author: ```suggestion
No contribution is small.
We recognise all kinds of contributions made to this project.
In out [community handbook](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/community-handbook.html) you can read how we acknowledge our community members and what are the records of contributions in _The Turing Way_.
_The Turing Way_ follows the [all-contributors][all-contributors] specification, so we welcome and recognise all contributions from documentation to testing to writing chapters.
```

## Style Guide

In _The Turing Way_'s [Community Handbook](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/community-handbook.html), we have developed a style guide for the project.

[_The Turing Way_ style guide](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/style.html) will provide guide and supporting resources for writing chapters will ensure consistency, readability and accessibility for all our users.

You are welcome to contribute to the style guide by opening [a new issue](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/new/choose).

## Representing _The Turing Way_

We would LOVE people to give talks about the project or represent _The Turing Way_ in other ways! 
We have created a [promotion pack](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/tree/master/communications/promotion-pack) for you to reuse.
You will find useful details about the project, a list of frequently asked questions, slide decks, and contact details.

If you would like to represent the project in your network, please open an issue and ping @malvikasharan and @KirstieJane so
that they can do their best to support you.

> We would appreciate if you could share a short abstract and your prersentation by adding them to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We would appreciate if you could share a short abstract and your presentation by adding them to the
```

Spelling

[conferences folder](/conferences) and some info in the [conferences README.md](/conferences/README.md).

## Recognising Contributions

No contribution is small.
We recognise all kinds of contributions made to this project.

> In out [community handbook](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/community-handbook.html) you can read how we acknowledge our community members and what are the records of contributions in _The Turing Way_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our [community handbook](https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/community-handbook.html) you can read how we acknowledge our community members and what are the records of contributions in _The Turing Way_.
```

Spelling
